previously desperate housewives.
I saw the man in your freezer.
Mrs.Mccluskey and parker shared a secret...
0you can never tell anyone.
But the secret was discovered.
You bet me in a game of poker?
Susan was forced to make a decision.
Get out. There will be no kissing,
and there will be no wedding.
Lynette ventured into dangerous territory.
You ever wear your hair down?
Sometimes.
Looks really good.
Thanks.
Are you embarrassed to be dating me?
If gaby finds out, she's gonna hit the ceiling.
Edie came to a disturbing realization.
Oh, my god. You're still in love with her.
And gaby took a bold step.
In a few months, I will be mrs.Victor ng.
I don't know my own strength...
the night of her engagement party,
gabrielle solis was injured.
But she wasn't hurt by the chauffer
who almost slammed a door on her fingers...
or the stranger who almost stepped on her hand...
or the waiter who almost dropped a knife on her wrist.
No, gabrielle's injury came about in a more unexpected fashion
and was caused by someone gabrielle thought was her friend.
Thank you.
- So have you told bree about your engagement?
- Yep.
She's on the top of a swiss alp
and still managed to send a basket of muffins.
- You're kidding.
- No.
Damn things traveled 5,000 miles,
and they were still moist.
I don't know how she does it.
Hey, it's getting late.
Let's break out the champagne.
Wait, wait.
You're not gonna embarrass me
with some sappy toast, are you?
I'm not, but susan's written a poem.
A poem?
She's reworked the lyrics to "wind beneath my wings."
Testing.
one, two, three, testing.
thank you.
Hey, gaby.
Hi, edie!
So I finally met victor.
He is so charming.
Isn't he great?
I know it's been quick, buhe's just so amazing.
So you really love him?
He is the one?
He is, and I've never been happier.
I am so thrilled for you.
Edie, are you okay?
Yes! Oh, yes.
Yes, I'm--I'm fine. I... ,
oh, sweetie.
Don't worry. You're gonna find someone soon.
I just know it.
What?
Well, actually, I have found someone.
And I am... crazy about him.
Well, who is it?
Oh, no. No, no. Tonight is about you.
Oh, no, no, edie. Come on.
It would make me happy to know who's making you happy.
- Really?
- Yeah!
I wanna know who's putting that dopey grin on your face.
Well, actually, it'S... carlos.
Who?
Carlos.
I've been seeing carlos.
and this is how gabrielle solis came to be injured
the night of her engagement party.
And though she seemed to laugh it off,
gabrielle had been cut much, much deeper than anyone could see.
-=www.ydy.com/bbs=-
proudly presents
sync:YTET-Ö¥Ê¿µ°¸â Mina
-=www.ydy.com/bbs=-
Desperate Housewives
Season 03 Episode 20
Greg is definitely off the wagon. Last week...
gossip--
for most housewives, it's just a harmless form of recreation,
an exchange of semi-interesting tidbits concerning
the semi-interesting lives of people they know.
That mailman was in sarah's house over an hour.
Packages weren't all he's delivering.
I could smell the whiskey on amy's breath.
It wasn't even noon yet.
Joanne may say that she was off on a religious retreat,
but since when does praying make your boobs bigger?
But the time comes in every neighborhood
when something very interesting happens,
and that's when gossip stops being recreation
and becomes... obsession.
What kind of woman would keep her husband's body in the freezer?
For ten years?
It's crazy.
Has anybody talked to her?
I've knocked twice.
She's not answering.
Oh, I saw the curtain move.
I think I saw a hand.
Oh, great. Now we know she's watching us.
Why should we be embarrassed?
We're not the ones who kept a corpse-icle in the basement.
Oh, that's right.
She babysat your kids.
Oh, please, I don't want to think of how many times
she brought them ice cream from that basement.
I mean, jeez, if you want to keep your husband on ice,
at least have a dedicated freezer.
Do you think she actually killed him?
Uh, yeah.
Why else would she have hid the body?
Well, so far, she's only been charged
with improper disposal of a corpse.
But once they defrost the body and do an autopsy,
I guarantee you they're gonna find a bellyful of arsenic.
what's arsenic?
It's just-- it's something yucky, honey.
Go on and play with your ball.
Go on.
We're trying so hard to protect them from this.
There are just some things that kids don't need to know about.
Hell, there's some things we don't need to know about.
Would you guys excuse me?
Hey, edie!
Oh, hi, gaby!
What's up?
I've been doing some thinking,
and you know how... how do I put this?
You know how you feel like sometimes people hate you?
I don't feel like that.
We, you should, 'cause they do.
Since when?
Since you started doing things to piss people off.
About what?
Oh, I don't know.
Off the top of my head... dating your friends' exes.
Oh. Oh, so that big smile on your face
the other night was all an act.
You're not fine with me seeing carlos.
Edie, there are a thousand single men in fairview.
Why do you have to date my ex-husband?
You're engaged to somebody else!
What do you care?
It's awkward!
It's--it's like if i donated a dress to charity,
and I went to a party, and you showed up wearing it.
Again, if you gave it away in the first place,
then what the hell are you bitching about?
Look, edie, just find your own men
and stop snapping up other people's castoffs!
And what if I don't?
Then be prepared to suffer the consequences.
oh, please.
You are as tall as my legs.
What are you gonna do?
You're about to find out.
who is it this time?
Um... it's ian.
you gonna talk to him?
No.
Uh, he's got flowers.
I don't care.
looks like it's two dozen roses.
Oh, good. I hope the thorns rip him to shreds.
okay, mom, I know what mike and ian did was wrong, but--
they bet me in a game of poker.
They made decisions about my life over a hand of 5-card stud.
"Wrong" does not even begin to cover it.
okay, okay, but there are only two guys in this world
who know all of your flaws and have still found a way to love you.
You're just gonna toss 'em both away?
Yes.
I don't need a man.
I don't even need sex.
I went without it the first 16 years...
22 years of my life, and I can go a few more.
This should be interesting.
What?
Mike just walked up.
give it up.
She didn't answer the first ten times.
She's not gonna answer it now.
oh, this is getting sad.
Take it like a brit-- stiff upper lip.
You know what? I've just about bloody had it with you.
I preferred you when you were comatose and pooping in a bag!
Well, lucky for you, I don't have that bag right now.
All right, that does it.
Uh, excuse me? Guys?
Hi.
Um, my mom would really like for both of you to leave.
Don't soft-pedal it.
Let 'em know I mean business.
Uh, 'cause if you-- if you don't,
she'll be very, very disappointed.
Rip 'em!
So just, um... go home and think about what you've done.
If you want something bitchier, do it yourself!
Here we are-- ravioli stuffed with duck confit
in a porcini cream sauce.
What do you think?
I think it's a shame you didn't make any for yourself.
Hi, honey.
hey, I just wanted to say I love you.
Aren't you sweet?
what's that noise in the background?
Are the boys still up?
Yeah, they don't want to go to bed.
Well, of course they don'T.
They're kids. You're the dad.
Make 'em.
Well, I tried, honey, but they wanna wait up for you.
They... they miss their mom.
Ah, is this your way of guilting me into coming back home?
Lynette, the--the restaurant did close a half-hour ago.
preston, don't throw pudding!
Oh, tom... I'm sorry.
I can't come home.
We're, um... doing inventory, so... it could be a while.
Well, okay.
- Try to hurry?
- I will.
I love you. Bye.
inventory?
I know. I'm a horrible person.
I just chose ravioli over motherhood.
I should--I should go home.
Lynette, you got nothing to feel guilty about.
You bust your ass in this restaurant every day to keep it going,
and if anybody deserves a little downtime, it's you.
Those are shameless rationalizations.
Keep them coming.
Those, too.
there you are.
What are you doing outside?
Some big kids threw eggs at mrs. Mccluskey's house.
Oh, jeez.
They shouldn't have done that.
We should go talk to her.
No.
It's late.
Uh, she probably doesn't want us to bother her.
Come on, bud.
Bedtime.
so here's what's gonna happen-- we're not talking to edie anymore.
What do you mean, "we"?
I mean, "we" as in she betrayed me, and you're my best friends,
so y're gonna support me because that's what friends do.
And "support you" means... acting like we're in junior high?
I can't believe you're not furious at this.
Before she sank her fangs into carlos,
she was dating your ex-husband and mike.
Yes, and do you know who i blame?
I blame karl and mike.
Why isn't anybody mad at them?
I mean, let's face it.
The men-- they get away with murder.
They're scum!
Okay.
Back to edie... I'm not sure I'm comfortable ganging up on her.
Really?
Because I wasn't very comfortable taking your si
when you were feuding with patty monroe over the backyard fence line,
but I did.
Oh, gaby, that's not fair.
Nobody really liked patty to begin with.
Don't even get me started about what I've done for you, okay?
I'm still boycotting madame kim's day spa
because of your botched bikini wax.
Oh, my god. How do you botch a bikini wax?
She will show you later!
The point is, good friends share more than just gossip and brunch.
They share enemies, too.
So are you with me or not?
Of course we're with you.
We will give edie the cold shoulder.
No, no! Not cold, frozen!
I want icicles hanging from that bitch's ears!
Hello?
Hi.
Hey, do you still want me to look at that book report?
Daddy helped me yesterday.
You weren't home.
Oh. Okay.
Daddy does everything lately.
How come you always come home so late?
Well, I'm really busy at the restaurant.
Believe me, I come home to daddy just as soon as I can.
you're lying.
What?
You always laugh like that when you're telling a lie.
why would you say that?
Because... it's true.
I stay late because there's a lot of work to do,
and right now I'm the only person who can do it,
and now I have to go to the grocery store
because I am the only person who can do that, mm-hmm.
So why don't you go upstairs and finish your homework?
Okay.
But it is what you do.
excuse me!
uh, hey!
Excuse me.
That's my space!
Yeah, well, I'm parked in it,
so that kind of makes it my space.
hey, uh, I waited for that spot while the guy
made three phone calls and flossed his teeth.
You can't just steal it.
It's a parking space!
Keep a lid on your hormones, honey.
God! You did that on purpose!
Yeah, and I'm about to do this on purpose, too.
Crazy bitch!
What do you think you're doing?!
What are you doing? What are you doing?!
I'm taking my damn space!
Get out of my car. Get out of my car.
Hey, hey
Say you're sorry.
- Let me go!
- Say it!
Okay, okay. I'm sorry.
Say, "I'm a rude, arrogant bastard
who needs to treat women with courtesy and respect!"
I'm a rude, arrogant... how does the rest of it go?
freeze!
Was this man trying to steal your car?
It's my car!
She--she tripped me and grabbed my keys.
Is this true, ma'am?
Oh, all right, take his side!
Hey, who you spying on?
Lynette.
She hasn't returned my last two phone calls.
I think something's up.
She's probably just busy.
Yeah, we'll see about that.
I am calling her right... now.
oh, my god!
What?
she just screened me!
I have been screened!
maybe she's in a hurry.
No, no, no. This has gabrielle solis written all over it.
She is turning people against me.
And you're surprised?
I told you how she'd react if she found out about us.
Yeah?
Well, if she wants to play these schoolgirl games, fine.
'Cause i invented 'em.
Lynette!
Hi!
Hey, hey!
I just tried calling you.
Oh, really?
My ringer must've been off.
Oh, no prob.
I wanted to invite you and the boys to travers' birthday party on saturday.
Yeah, I'm having this reptile guy,
and he's got all these cool snakes and lizards.
Oh! The boys would love that,
but unfortunately, I gotta work.
Well, that's a shame, because I was hoping you could cater.
Cater?
Yeah, I'm gonna need pastas and salads for the parents
and at least 20 pizzas for the kids.
Wow, that many?
Yeah, and... well, you know kids.
If one has a pizza party,
they're all gonna want a pizza party.
Hmm, could be good for business.
Well, yeah, I guess I could work somethin' out.
Oh, I knew I could count on you!
mm! Love ya!
****
I do not have "anger issues."
I was just having a bad day.
You threatened to decapitate a man over a parking space.
A very bad day.
Susan, when someone loses it like you did,
there's usually a reason.
Are things going okayat work?
Work is great.
You could just sign that paper and tell the judge I'm finE.
what about your family?
Family's terrific.
Seriously, you're just wasting your time here.
How's your love life?
cancel my lunch.
I'm gonna be here for a while.
will you stop ringing that damn...
I'm sorry, parker.
I thought you were one of those little pissants
who keep ringing the bell and running away.
So what's on your mind?
I want you to come back and babysit us.
The new sitter stinks.
Your folks hired a new sitter?
Yeah, and she thinks carrot sticks are snacks.
Well, that's rough, but... life's like that sometimes.
It doesn't have to be.
If you just told people what happened with your husband,
everything could go back to the way it was.
Parker, you see those women over there?
Nothing I could say would stop those tongues from wagging.
I'm sorry, kid, but... I just have to wait this one out.
can you imagine?!
I mean, finding out that two men you trusted bet you in a poker game.
I mean, how demeaning is that?!
Well, it depends on how you look at it.
Men have been waging contests over women for centuries.
I grant you, poker isn't as romantic as, say, jousting,
but it shows how they felt about you.
the real question is how did you feel about them?
I told you-- hurt and betrayed.
No, how did you feel about them before this poker business?
well... I was engaged to ian, so... obviously I loved him.
And mike?Were you in love with him, too?
- How we doing on time?
- Susan.
Okay, fine, I loved him.
I still love him, and I love ian.
So I am totally, hopelessly in love with two men.
Now we're getting somewhere.This is good.
No, this is horrible!
This wasn't supposed to happen!
I only let myself fall for ian 'cause i thought mike was lost to me.
And then bang!Suddenly he wants me back,
and now I have this choice that I can't possibly make.
- I agree.It's tough-
- it's devastating!
If I go with mike, ian's heart will be broken, and ian does not deserve that.
But how can I reject mike after all he's been through?
So you're just gonna walk away from both of them?
you have to make a choice, sweetie.
You've got two great guys, both of them crazy about you.
To let one go-- well, that's life.It happens.
To let them both go... that's just...
- stupid?
- Yes.
That would be the clinical term.
sounds great.Thanks.
Hey, how would you like to eat something that's neither pasta nor pizza?
such food exists?Don't tease me.
No, my--my friend al, he's opening a soul food place...
And sunday night, he wants to test the menu with some of his chebuddies.
He said I could bring someone.
And--and--and you want me to go wi you?
It'll be after we close.
and don't tell me that you hate southern food, 'cause then we can't be friends.
No, I love it.
It'S... it's just that's a little late for me, and...
Oh, oh, oh.Okay.I-I just thought it'd be fun.
No, it would be, but sunday nights are kind of crazy.
I'm packing lunches and checking homework...
Right, right.No worries.I get it.
You're just, uh, first person I thought of.
You know, maybe i should go.
Um... it's part of the job to check out the competition, right?
Yeah, absolutely.It never hurts to see what else is out there.
I agree.
hey, guys, go check out the snakes.
I'll give you some pizza later, okay?
- See you later.
- All right, I'll see you later.
- Hey, you want some pizza?
- Yeah.
There you go.
Lynette!
What are you doing here?
edie asked me to cater.I know, I'm a total whore, but please don't rat me out to gaby.
Hi, susan!
I have 30 copies of your book.The kids can't wait for you to sign it.
Come on, let's go!Come on, come on!
Looks like we're working the same corner.
Yeah, only I didn't know edie was gonna have the party in a park.
- What if gaby see us?
- Trust me, we can both relax.
I talked to her this morning, and she's out with victor all day.
oh.Well, that's a relief.
Go ahead.I dare ya.
Hey!what's going on?
{6}"Witch"
- hey, don't do that!
- Why not?
- Because she's not a witch.
- How do you know?
'Cause she isn'T.Don't be a jerk.
What is she, your girlfriend?parker's in love!
Shut up!
Hey, you boys!Knock it off!
Parker, I'm so sorry.
Are you all right?
You know, everything would be okay if you'd tell people what you told me.
You can make 'em stop.
Hey, lynette, it's gaby.
Victor got pulled into some photo op at the homeless shelter.
So I'm free for lunch.You wanna go with?
I tried susan but she's not home,
which is weird because her car's in the driveway and... so is yours.
Where is everybody?
Down!Down!Down!Aah!
Lynette, what is wrong with you?!
- Gaby's coming.- What?!
I thought you said she was with victor.
I was wrong.I was wrong.Come on.Follow me.Follow me.
Mommy, can I play?
No!Go ride the python!
Come on.
Rent A Reptile
Okay, okay, she's circling the park.
Ugh.I wish she'd hurry.I'm terrified of snakes.
Oh, yeah, I'm more terrified of gaby.
Okay, good, good.
- We're almost home free...
- what?
Don't turn around.
lynette!Susan!
- Hey, gab.- Hi.
What are you two doing here?
Uh, what are we doing here?
Well, edie hired me to cater, so it's just business.
I don't know what her excuse is.
You are so dead.
I don't believe it.This is an absolute betrayal of our friendship.
Gaby, she asked me to make 20 pizzas.
I couldn't turn it down.
Oh, this is so delicious.
Is that what our friendship is worth to you--20 pizzas?
- We had a pact!
- Oh, come on, gaby, be fair.
You put us in a really awkward position.
- Me?!You two owe me an apology.
- No, gaby, be reasonable.
I am leaving this party right now, and if you two don't come with me,
- our friendship is over.
- Gaby!Oh, come on!
- What?!
- Oh!No, I mean it.
Carlos, stop!
Put me down!What are you doing?!
Stop it!Carlos, put me down!
How dare you maul me like that!
You were ruining travers' birthday party.
What the hell is wrong with you?!
I'm sorry.Betrayal makes me a little cranky.
Come on, gaby, you can't tell susan and lynette who they're allowed to be friends with.
- It's ridiculouS.- I'll tell you what's ridiculous
-- you not having the guts to tell me you were dating edie.
oh, here it is.
Yeah.I had to find out from her at my damn engagement party.
Well, I had to hear that you were engaged to that victor guy on the news.
I didn't plan it that way.
It was spur of the moment.
Oh, so you just said, hey, what the heck?
- You even in love with this guy?
- Yes, deeply.
Must be nice.
Well, aren't you in love with edie?
We're having fun together, but it'll never be serious.
So... if I'm just dating, and you're in love and getting married...
remind me again why it is that you get to be the angry one.
I'm sorry, carlos.
You should be.
And for the first time, gabrielle was willing to let carlos be with someone else...
hey!HeY.
Because she knew... he still belonged to her.
Feel free to take home as much cake as you want.I do not want to be tempted.
I might take a little for tom and...
hi, mrs.Mccluskey.Would you like some cake?
I didn't come for sweets.
I know you people have been talking about me,
and I guess the only way to shut you up is to come clean.
So... who would like to hear the gruesome details?
- I would.
- Um... yeah.If--if you feel like it.
Well... first off--and I know this will disappoint some of you-- but I didn't kill gilbert.
I came home from a weekend in laughlin and found him in front of the tv--dead.
He still had the remote in his hand.
Good lord.
It was 2:00 A.M., So I decided to wait until morning to call the funeral home.
And I went to his desk to make sure everything was in order.
I found his pension plan... and guess what?
In the event of his death, I was not the beneficiary.
- Who was?
- His first wife.
They were married when he started the job-- for two years.
We were together for 34 years, and that idiot didn't change the paperwork.
I not only lost my gilbert, but I was about to lose everything.
So I, um... I, um...
you put him in the freezer and kept cashing the checks.
Well, what else was I gonna do?
Besides, after a while, it was kind of nice having him around.
Anyway... that's the truth.
You ladies have my permission to pass it along...
not that some of you ladies need it.
probably weren't expecting to see me, huh?
Well, after 20 unanswered calls... no, not really.
About that, uh, obviously, have been very confused.
I finally saw a therapist.
Actually, it was sort of a court-ordered thing.Anyway...
well, I need to talk to you.
You sound... sure.
I am.
I'm gonna marry ian.
Believe me, this wasn't easy,
especially when you started to remember how it was between us.
Maybe if the timing had been different... it wasn'T.
I'm sorry, mike.
Well, at least I have my memories.
- You ready to go?
- Yeah.
Um, I told kim that we'd be out the rest of the evening and she's gonna lock up.
- Great.I'll, uh, just get my jacket.
- Okay.
Hey!You got a table for seven?
- Hey!
- Hi!What are you doing here?
Well, the kids wanted to surprise you, and it's been forever since we've all had dinner together,
so... what--well, how did you t here?
I mean, you're not supposed to... drive.
I took a cab, a double-dose of the painkillers, and voil?
- you surprised?
- Yeah, a little.
we missed you.
Oh, I missed you, too.
Hey, why don't you guys go grab that big table, and I will have rick whip something up for us?
Hi.wow, you smell good.
Oh.It must be the basil.It has a kind of sweet smell.
hey, kayla, can you get A... high chair for your sister, please?
- Yeah.
- all right, who wants pizza?
Oh, hi.Uh, change of plans.
Yeah.Yeah, I see.
But... I'm sorry.You could still go.
Oh, no.No, no.I'll stay.I'll cook for your family.
Thanks.Thank you.
Thanks, sweetie.
You are taking such good care of me.
When's lynette getting home?
Oh, as soon as she closes up the pizzeria.
Mm.Is that guy rick helping her?
He better be, for as much as we're paying him.
I think lynette likes him.
Sure.He's a nice guy, rd worker.
No, I mean, she likes him, likes him.
what makes you say that?
Just something I noticed.
Well, good night, daddy.
mrs.Susan hainsworth-- god, I love the sound of that.
Orid you want to keep your name?Because I love the sound of that, too.
As long as I get to call you my wife.
deal.
You do realize we're gonna be blissfully happy, don't you?
I mean, it could actually get a bit disgusting.People might throw fruit.
oh, I'm gonna lock up down here.
Why don't you go upstairs and warm up the bed?
you do realize we're gonna be great together, don't you?
I know.
hey, susan.Um, I don't mean to bug you.
There's just so much I didn't get to say.
Um, I... god, I'm lousy at good-byes.
Anyway, you will always be the best thing that ever happened to me, and,
well, I hope you find the happiness you deserve.
Bye.Oh, this is mike.
hey, susan.
Um, I don't mean to bug you.
There's just so much I didn't get to say.
Um, I... god, I'm lousy at good-byes.
Anyway, you will always be the best thing that ever happened to me, and, well,
I hope you find the happiness you deserve.
Bye.Oh, this is mike.
where are you going?
Home... to england.
To england?What's wrong?
Well, it's just, um... I don't think this is going to work.
What?
But just ten minutes ago, we were making plans,
and you were saying how great we were gonna be together.
I, uh, saw you listening to that message from mike.
Well, ian, I made my choice.
But not for the right reasons.
You're just trying to honor a promise you made to me.
That's not true.
I will get over him.
You've been trying to get over him for as long as I've known you.
Haven't had much luck, have you?
Ian, I love you.
I know you do.
But you love him a little bit more, don't you?
I can't live a life where every time I see you with a faraway look,
I'll wonder if you're thinking of him.
I'm so sorry.
You deserve to be happy.
And so do I.
Good-bye, susan.
Hey, mrs.Mccluskey.
Lynette.
Well, it turns out our new babysitterisn't working out too well.
Feel upto another tour of duty?
Are you sure you wantthe wisteria witch looking after your kids?
My kids knowyou're not a witch.
Too bad.I could use the leverage.
We missed you.Same here.
I'm gonna need a raise,though.
I'm kinda strapped.
okay.
I just talkedto mrs.Mccluskey, and she is gonna startlooking after our kids again.
- That's great!
- Yeah.
'Cause actually,I have been thinking, anD... it is timethat I got back to work.
- What?
- Yep.I'm feeling good.
I'm gettin' around better.
But... but the doctor saidyour recovery would take months, and it's only been six weeks.
Well, it's not likeI'm gonna, you know, dead-lift a bag of ice,
but I can sprinkle cheese on a pizza.
Mm.Besides... I hate making yourun that place by yourself.
- I don't mind
.- Really?
Because before,you said it was killing you.
Yeah, well, you know, it is,but I just don't want you to come backbefore you're ready.
You might reinjure yourselF.
I'll be careful.
The best part is we can finallyget rick off the books.
Rick?Why would we wantto let him go?
Well,I know he's been great, but, um, his salaryis cutting into our profits.
Actually, he is bringing inmore than enough business to cover his salary.
I mean, with all thosenew dishes he's been cooking, he's got a lot of fans out there.
Does he really?
Yeah.I think firing himwould be a huge mistake.
Well, it's just a thought.
Well, don't think so much.
Just rest and get better.
That's what you need to do.
You gonna be late tonight?
Probably.We got a big partycoming in at 10:00.
So...mm-hmm.I'll just see youin the morning.
- I'll be here.
- Okay.
Hi, ida.What's up?
That idiot postmanmixed up our mail again.
Oh, poor mr.Henley.He does seem to be getting worse.
Thanks for stopping by.
Hey, have you heardabout mike?
No.Uh, what about him?
- He moved.
- Moved?What do you mean?
Mona clarke was up at 2:00in the morning with acid reflux,
and she saw himpack his car and everything.
Well,that doesn't make sense.
Mike wouldn't leavewithout saying good-bye.
Well, he did.
According to carlos,something bad happened, and mike just wantedto get the heck out of dodge.
It's a pity.I always liked him.
Gossip-- it's just a harmless form of recreation.
It's careless talk that deals in polite fiction...
I'd love to beassistant manager, but apparently,
you haveto flirt with mrs.Scavo to get that job.
it's nasty speculation that's based on not-so-polite fact...
he may be dating edie, but everyone can seehe's still in love with gaby.
How do we protect ourselves from the venomous sting of such idle gossip?
A-are you the lady whokept her husband in her freezer?
The best way is to just tell the truth...
yep, that's me.Scary, aren't I?
And wait for people to start talking about someone else.
-=www.ydy.com/bbs=-
proudly presents